Add docs for connecting to MetaMask (#1525)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: wallet/how-to/use-non-evm-networks/index.md

---
description: Connect ...
---

# Connect non-EVM wallets to MetaMask using Snaps

## Non-EVM Wallets

Non-EVM wallets are cryptocurrency wallets that operate on blockchain networks not compatible with the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). 

> Non-EVM wallets can't directly interact with MetaMask or other Ethereum-based applications. 

Reviewer: Sentence maybe revisited based on the other review commens, emphasising that yes

 `Non-EVM wallets can't interact with metamask` 
 
 but also that 
 
 `metamask can't interact with dapps from non-EVM networks`.

Use Snaps to connect these wallets to extend their functionality and integrate them with your existing MetaMask workflow.

## MetaMask Snaps

[MetaMask Snaps](../snaps/learn/about-snaps/) extend MetaMask's functionality. It allows MetaMask to connect with [non-EVM networks]((../snaps/features/non-evm-networks/). 

MetaMask Snaps features include:

- **Expanded network support**: Connect to multiple non-EVM networks.
- **Custom functionality**: Add new features to MetaMask.
- **Enhanced security**: Each Snap runs in its own secure environment.

> MetaMask Snaps increase interoperability by enabling the use of non-EVM assets with Ethereum-based dapps and provides a unified interface to manage assets in one place.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MetaMask Snaps increase interoperability by enabling the use of non-EVM assets and the access to non-EVM network and dapps with a unified interface to consolidating wallet management.
```

We could give an example maybe the cosmos snap : https://snaps.metamask.io/snap/npm/leapwallet/metamask-cosmos-snap/ ? 

In their description the make it clear. By downloading the and installing the snap a user gets access to 50+ dapps in the cosmos ecosystem without having to install a new extension, to store a new password, new keys. Users can do this by simply installing the cosmos snap. This makes the user experience much smoother and consolidates/improves the wallet management.

Author: Thanks @khanti42 I think this might be more geared for the user than for developers. I think the plink to the snaps docs above, is probably sufficient. Is that okay?
